[Sieve]: Draft approaches (#3626)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/sieve/.approaches/comprehensions/snippet.txt

> def primes(limit):
>     return [x for x in range(2, limit + 1)
>             if all(x % y != 0 for y in range(2, x))]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def primes(limit):
    return [number for number in range(2, limit + 1) if 
                 all(number % divisor != 0 for divisor in range(2, number))]
```
